Hi lovies, welcome back on my youtube channel J'adoreMyCurls
Today I'll show you how I change my old, wash & go into an elegant updo.
The link to my Wash & Go is in the discription bar or click the link on the screen.
I divide the hair in two. It doesn't matter if it's straight
We start with the second section.
Divide this into 5. This can be more, but I choose to do this in 5
Secure the hair with a small elastic
Because my hair is very dry, since this is an old wash, I use coconut oil and water.
This can be a little bit confusing, but pay attention.
Take the 3 last parts. Devide every parts in 2.
Put the middle part between the last part.
Now grab the last part, which is already devided in 2 and twist this with the third part, which is also devided
Because, I've made 5 parts, the last two parts are a bit easier.
You only have to devide those 2 and twist, without including other parts.
Now grab the left twists and twist them all in one. The same thing you do with the right twists.
Now we are going to start with the other half.
I put the hair in a high pontail.
Now cross the 2 twist around the ponytail.
Make small twists and secure with bobby pins.